---
toc: true
layout: base
Badges: true
comments: false
author: Eli gilmour
categories: [fastpages, markdown]
title: Unit 12-13 Homework
---

## Homework Part 1

### Problem 1: This problem involves parameters
Qais is writing code to calculate formulas from his math class. He's currently working on a procedure to calculate average speed, based on this formula:

Average speed= 

Total Time/Total Distance
​
- Highlight which of these is the best procedure for calculating and displaying average speed.
    - PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) {
    DISPLAY (distance/time)
}
    - PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance) {
    DISPLAY (distance/time)
}
    - PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) {
    DISPLAY (time/distance) = Answer
}

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Problem 2: Procedures with return values
James Hunter is looking through his classmate's program and sees a procedure called heightenEmotions:
PROCEDURE heightenEmotions(myEmotion) 

{
moreEnergy ← CONCAT(myEmotion, "!!!")

moreVolume ← UPPER(moreEnergy)

RETURN moreVolume
}

That procedure manipulates strings using two built-in procedures, CONCAT for concatenating two strings together, and UPPER for converting a string to uppercase.

James Hunter then sees this line of code:

heightenEmotions("im mad")

After that line of code runs, will nothing be displayed?

True

False = Answer

- The procedure heightenEmotions takes a string as input, manipulates it using the CONCAT and UPPER procedures, and then returns the resulting string.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Problem 3: Procedures with return values
Bubz is writing a program to calculate the carbon footprint of his activities.
The procedure calcFlightFootprint calculates the pounds of carbon dioxide produced per passenger in a flight that covers a given number of miles and seats a given number of passengers.

PROCEDURE calcFlightFootprint(numMiles, numPassengers)
{
   CO2_PER_MILE ← 53.29

   carbonPerFlight ← numMiles * CO2_PER_MILE

   carbonPerPassenger  ← carbonPerFlight / numPassengers

   RETURN carbonPerPassenger

}

Bubz wants to use that procedure to calculate the total footprint for his two upcoming flights:
LA to NY: 2,451 miles and 118 passengers
NY to London: 3,442 miles and 252 passengers

Which of these code snippets successfully calculates and stores her total footprint?
Highlight 2 answers.

1. 
totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118) + calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252) = Answer

2. 
totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118 + 3442, 252)

3. 

totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint((2451, 118) + (3442, 252)) = Answer

4.
laNyCarbon ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118)
nyLondonCarbon ← calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252)
totalFootprint ← laNyCarbon + nyLondonCarbon

# Part 2

PROCEDURE find a ()

{
    c -- 9  

    b <-- 9 * 9    

    a <-- b * c     

 Print (a)

} 

What is a?    
= 729 = Answer
cost ⟵ 173 tax - 10% 

PROCEDURE applytax (cost, cpercentDiscounted)
{
    temp <-- 100 + percentTaxed   

    temp <-- temp / 100

    cost <-- cost x temp       
    
    Print(cost)} 

What is the cost? 
= cost is $190.30
Tempature - 103 Degrees

PROCEDURE convet Fahrenheit (tempature)

{
    
    Celsius <-- tempature - 32  

    Celsius <-- Celsius x 5/9      
    
 Print (Celsius)}
 answer = 39.444

 # 3.13 part 1 and 2

 ### #1. Create a procedure that is meant to replace the top running backs yards per game in one season if the current running back has more yards per game

- Necessary Parameters: toprbyardspg(100), currentrbyards(1260), totalGames(12)   

PROCEDURE updateTopRunningBack(currentRB, currentRBYardsPerGame, topRB, topRBYardsPerGame)

{
  IF (currentRBYardsPerGame > topRBYardsPerGame)
    {
      topRB <-- currentRB
      topRBYardsPerGame <-- currentRBYardsPerGame
    }
}

### #2. Write a procedure that will allow the A+ to get to the 1, while avoiding the black boxes.

PROCEDURE getAplus(){
If (can_MoveForward):
Move_Forward
Else (can_MoveRight):
Rotate_Right
Move_Forward
If (can_MoveLeft);
Rotate_Left
Move_forward
}

### #3. Which Is the Correct Way to define the Name of a Procedure?**
- A. PROCEDURE MYLIST
- B. PROCEDURE MyList = Answer
- C. procedure mylist

### #4. Write A Procedure That gets the BeachBall To the Green Square

PROCEDURE BallToGreen{
Rotate_Left
Move_Forward
Rotate_Right 
Move_Forward( until count = 6)
break
Rotate_Left
Move_Forward (until count=2) 
break
}
