---
toc: true
layout: base
Badges: true
comments: false
author: Eli gilmour
categories: [fastpages, markdown]
title: Big Idea 5.5 Legal and Ethical Concerns
---

# Blog Reflection

1. There are several types of open-source licenses, and choosing the right one can have a significant impact on how your code is used and what others are able to do with it. Here are some of the most popular open-source licenses;
    - MIT License: The MIT License is one of the most permissive open-source licenses. It allows others to use, modify, and distribute your code for any purpose, as long as they include a copy of the license and preserve the copyright notice.

    - Apache License 2.0: The Apache License 2.0 is a more restrictive license than the MIT License. It requires that users of your code include a copy of the license, preserve the copyright notice, and state any changes they have made to your code.

    - GNU General Public License (GPL): The GPL is a copyleft license, meaning that derivative works must also be released under the GPL. This means that if someone uses your code to create a new project, they must also open source that project under the GPL.

    - BSD 3-Clause License: The BSD 3-Clause License is similar to the MIT License but has some additional restrictions. For example, it requires that users of your code include a copy of the license and preserve the copyright notice.

2. The text discusses the impact of software licenses, specifically the General Public License (GPL), on businesses like Qualcomm. The GPL requires any derivative work to be free and open source, which could potentially void a company's rights to charge for software and patents. The author highlights the importance of knowing the type of software license one is using, as it could have a significant impact on business. The text mentions different types of licenses, including the Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal, Open Source MIT License, and Open Source GPL License. The author discusses the requirement to comply with the terms of licenses and the need to cite sources. The text also touches on the concept of Digital Rights Management (DRM) and the challenge of understanding the impact of Creative Commons licenses on individuals and businesses. 

3. I am going to keep the apache license 2.0 because its A permissive license whose main conditions require preservation of copyright and license notices. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights. Licensed works, modifications, and larger works may be distributed under different terms and without source code. This works for me. For my Group's license we used the MIT license because its free to us first of all, also the Permissions is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files, to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: