---
toc: true
layout: base
Badges: true
comments: false
author: Eli gilmour
categories: [fastpages, markdown]
title: Big Idea 5.6 Safe Computing
---

# Blog Reflection

1.  Phone number
    Email address
    Date of birth
    Full name

2. I think that The protection of PII is an important issue and it's important to take appropriate measures to secure personal information and prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. It is very important to keep the right information disclosed and not able to be seen.

3. Good Passwords:
    - Length: A minimum length of 12 characters or more.
    Complexity: A mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters is ideal.
    Uniqueness: The password should not be a word found in a dictionary or a commonly used password.

   Bad Passwords
    - Length: Short passwords that are less than 8 characters are easily guessable.
    Simplicity: Passwords that are just a word or a simple combination of words 
    ("password123") are easily crackable.
    Predictability: Passwords that are based on easily accessible personal information (name, birthdate, address) are also not secure.

4. Symmetric encryption, also known as shared secret encryption, uses a single key to encrypt and decrypt the data. In this type of encryption, both the sender and the receiver have the same key, and this key is used to encrypt the data before transmission and decrypt the data upon receipt. The key must be kept confidential and must be securely exchanged between the sender and the receiver before any data transmission can occur.

5. AWS Key Management Service (KMS) managed keys: With KMS, you can create, manage, and use encryption keys to encrypt your data in AWS services. KMS provides a highly available key management service that makes it easy to create, rotate, and manage encryption keys used to encrypt data at rest.

6. one phishing technique is called "spear phishing," where the attacker targets a specific individual or group with a personalized email that is designed to trick the recipient into divulging sensitive information. The email may contain personal information about the recipient, such as their name, job title, or interests, in an attempt to build trust and convince them to take the desired action.