---
toc: true
layout: base
Badges: true
comments: false
author: Eli gilmour
categories: [fastpages, markdown]
title: Big Idea 5.2 Digital Divide Hacks
---

# Post Blog Reflection

# 1. 

### Learn about technology: Understanding how technology works and how to use it effectively can give you more control over your digital life.

### Get involved in online communities: Joining online communities that share your interests can be a great way to connect with like-minded people and learn new things.

### Learn how to code: Understanding how to code can give you more control over the technology you use and enable you to create your own digital tools and apps.

# 2. 

### Share knowledge and resources: Offer guidance and provide resources that can help the person gain the skills and knowledge they need to become more empowered.

### Provide mentorship: Offer support and guidance as the person navigates the digital world.

### Offer technical assistance: Provide hands-on help with setting up accounts, using software, or troubleshooting problems.

- If a student at Del Norte HS needed help on a problem that they have, say for example in coding, I could help them and give them assistance to what ever the problem is.

# 3. 

### paper-based systems and bureaucracy can be a barrier to digital empowerment. Say For example, if a government or organization still relies heavily on paper-based systems, it can make it difficult for citizens or employees to access services or information digitally. This can be due to a lack of digitization of official documents, or not having the infrastructure for digital systems. 

### Additionally, in some countries or regions with restricted internet access, lack of infrastructure, or government censorship can also be a barrier to digital empowerment. 