---
toc: true
layout: post
Badges: true
comments: false
author: Eli gilmour
categories: [fastpages, markdown]
title: College Board Grading 3
---

|---|---|
|Row 1| 1 | 
|Row 2| 1 | 
|Row 3| 0 |
|Row 4| 1 |
|Row 5| 0 |
|Row 6| 1 |
|Final Score| 4/6 |
|College Board Grading| 3/6 |

1: I would give this submission a 1 on this row because the video demonstrates the inpu of the program, output, and the program Functionality.

2: I would give this submission a 1 on this row because includes two program code segments, one that shows how data has been stored in this list, and also one that shows the data in this same list being used as part of fulfilling the program’s purpose. Also the written response identifies the name of the variable representing the
list being used in this response.

3: I would give this submission a 0 on this row because The explanation of how the list manages complexity is implausible, inaccurate, or inconsistent withthe program. The solution without the list is implausible, inaccurate, or inconsistent with the program. The use of the list does not result in a program that is easier to develop, meaning alternatives presented are equally complex or potentially easier. The use of the list does not result in a program that is easier to maintain, meaning that future changes to the size of the list would cause significant modifications to the code. 

4: I would give this submission a 1 on this row includes two program code segments, Abstraction one showing a student-developed procedure Requirements for program code segments,with at least one parameter that has an effect on the functionality of the procedure. 

5: I would give this response a 0 on this row because The response only describes what the selected algorithm does without explaining how it does it. Also The description of the algorithm does not match the included program code. The code segment consisting of the selected algorithm is not included in the written response. 

6: I would give this submission a 1 on this row because describes the condition being tested by each call to the procedure. Also identifies the result of each call. 


|---|---|
|Row 1|  | 
|Row 2|  | 
|Row 3|  |
|Row 4|  |
|Row 5|  |
|Row 6|  |
|Final Score| /6 |
|College Board Grading| 3/6 |

1: 

2:

3:

4:

5:

6:

|---|---|
|Row 1|  | 
|Row 2|  | 
|Row 3|  |
|Row 4|  |
|Row 5|  |
|Row 6|  |
|Final Score| /6 |
|College Board Grading| 3/6 |

1: 

2:

3:

4:

5:

6:

|---|---|
|Row 1|  | 
|Row 2|  | 
|Row 3|  |
|Row 4|  |
|Row 5|  |
|Row 6|  |
|Final Score| /6 |
|College Board Grading| 3/6 |

1: 

2:

3:

4:

5:

6: